# Reflection Week 05

* **What I got right/What I got close/What I missed/What I learn by comparing my work and answers:** For the part "void add(Node node)" I didn't add "this.size++;", which affected the results and how the code compiled. Even though I did the rest of this part correctly, this last sentence of the code makes this part of the code incomplete. Moving forward, in the part "void add(String value)" I have two lines, which look like they are just a little bit longer version of the solution. Definitely, the shorter version looks more clean in the code context, and I will try to put more attention on those details in the future.Next part "int compareTo(DoubleLinkedList other)", I got correct, as well as the "contains" method and report the number of nodes. I think the most challenging part of this assignment was "indexOf" method and the thing that I missed the email "Method main for DoubleLinkedList_Implementation" initially, which contained the method for testing the code. I was trying to change the loop in different ways, but it still didn't compile and I couldn’t understand why. Then I realized that I didn’t see the email. By comparing the solution with my answers, I continue learning how to write code in a cleaner and more effective way. I'm planning to change my studying technique to better understand the material. I believe the main issue is a lack of practice, and doing more assignments outside of homework ones will help reinforce the concepts.
* **Was your code sufficiently documented with comments?** I believe it was.
* **Did you test your code to verify that it compiles and returns correct results?** Yes, I tested it multiple times. So far, I think this was the most confusing assignment. I plan to fix the code and run it again with the information from the email and see if it compiles correctly.